This file describes the communication between Client and Server for the CloneTools.

The protocol for the clone tools has been designed to be tolerant of lost or out-of-order packets.
There are three types of communication:
(1) "Action" packets sent from the client to the server, asking the server to do something.  Each action is given
    a unique sequencenumber to identify it.  An undo is assigned a unique sequencenumber, and also provides the sequence number of
    the action to be undone
(2) "Selection" packets sent from the client to the server to define the selection; these are sent in multiple parts
    and the server sends acknowledgement to the client for all the pieces.
(3) "Status" packets sent in both directions:
    The client sends its status to let the server know when the client is interested in receiving status updates from the server
    The server sends its status to all interested clients:
      status is: the server is idle, busy with a task for that client, or busy with a task for a different client
    These packets are sent whenever the status is updated, or at least once per second, to all interested clients.

When the client starts to make a selection, it sends a SELECTION_MADE packet to the server.  This causes the server to
 make a backup of the world (if necessary) and when ready the server sends a "ready for selection" packet to the client.
The client then sends the selection in parts, each part has a header saying which parts are in this packet, which parts have
 previously been sent.  The server replies with an acknowledgement showing which parts it has received.  A part is re-sent
 if there is a timeout.  Each selection is given a unique sequence number to identify it.

Once a selection has been made, the client also updates its status to MONITORING_STATUS, which causes the server to send it
   periodic updates.  The client uses this information to show the user when the server is busy with someone else's tasks,
   and won't start an action or undo until the server is idle.
   If the client has updated its status to MONITORING_STATUS but no status packets arrive within the timeout, the client
   status packet is sent again.
   If the client receives a server information packet but the user is no longer holding a clone tool, it updates the client
   status to IDLE.

When the user performs an action, the client assigns it a unique, strictly ascending sequence number and sends the command packet to the server.
   It also updates its status to WAITING_FOR_ACTION_COMPLETE.  When the server receives the command packet, it either accepts
   or rejects it depending on whether it is busy with other tasks.
   It will send an action acknowledge packet to the client, showing the accept or reject for that action sequence number.
   When the client receives the acknowledge packet, if rejected, it is free to send another action (with a new sequence number)
   If accepted, the client will wait for the server to send another action acknowledge packet with "COMPLETE".
   Once the client receives the "COMPLETE" packet, it is free to send another action (with a new sequence number).
   If the client doesn't receive an acknowledgement within the TIMEOUT period, it sends the same packet again.
   Any action acknowledge packets received with a non-current action sequence number are ignored.

   If the server receives a sequencenumber it has already processed:
     1) if this was the last action it performed for this client, it will send the appropriate action acknowledge packet again
     2) if subsequent actions have been performed, it will ignore it.
   If the server receives a sequencenumber for which is has already received an undo, it will reject it.
   It the server receives a sequencenumber older than one it has previously received, it will reject it.

When the user performs an undo:
   1) if the user is currently performing an action that hasn't received "completed" acknowledgement yet, the client sends
      an undo packet to the server, specifying the sequence number of the action currently being performed
   2) otherwise, the client sends an undo packet with a dummy sequence number.
   The client also updates its status to WAITING_FOR_ACTION_COMPLETE.
   When the client receives the acknowledge packet, this will be either REJECT, ACKNOWLEDGE (pending) or COMPLETE.
   If there is a timeout waiting for the acknowledge packet, the client will send the same packet again.
   When the server receives the undo request:
   Any undo requests with an UndoSequenceNumber older than the latest undo received, are ignored.
   Repeat undo requests with the same UndoSequenceNumber trigger a resend of the same acknowledgement packet.
   If the Actionsequencenumber is for an action that hasn't been received yet, it accepts the undo request, and responds COMPLETE
     It also sends a REJECT packet for that action, so that any further action packets with that sequence number automatically receive REJECT
   If the Actionsequencenumber is for an action that is currently in progress, it accepts the undo request and responds ACKNOWLEDGE.
     Once the undo is complete, it sends COMPLETE.
   If the Actionsequencenumber is for an action that is older than the latest one, it is ignored because the undoSequenceNumber will also be older.
   If the server is busy with another player, it rejects the request
   Otherwise, the server responds ACKNOWLEDGE and then COMPLETE when finished.


The client does the action/undo -> response and timeout monitoring in CloneToolsNetworkClient.  It is periodically polled by the
  clone tool to determine the status of the most recent action and/or undo.

  To do: network side of stuff.
  Test cases for networkclient, server, and packets



